Step 1:
Generate GitHub personal access token
setting----Developer settings--Personal access tokens--Generate new token
    check mark: repo

Step 2: Fork the repository

Step 3: Clone the forked repository
In the list of the forked repository, click "Code" button
  HTTP ----url link
 
 Open a terminal
    export ORIGIN=<your repository HTTPS URL>
    git clone $ORIGIN
   
Step 4: Explore the cloned repo  

Step 5:Create a new branch
1.Navigate the repository using:
  cd gkpbt-css-circle
2.git checkout -b feature-circle-500
-b : creates the branch if it does not already exist
3. git status : check current status how many branches we have and which branch are we at

Step 6: Make required code changes  (do what you need to do)
After we finished all the modinication , code below we can type in the terminal to review what we have done to the source code
git status: shows what have been changed
git diff: see the changes in more detail.
ctrl+z: quit currently running code , redo?

Step 7: Add and commit changes
1. ADD
git add .   :  git add   command has several options.   
the single dot .  adds all untracked files in the current directory andsubdirectories to the staging area.
git add style.css: add the single file you created 
git add -A: recursively add all files from the top level git folder.

2. Commit: To commit the new file to the local repository, you need to first tell git who you are.
Set email:
git config --global user.email dldlqqas@hotmail.com
Set your name:
git config --global user.name Guan Liu

add comment:  
git commit -sm "Changing the height and the width of the circle"


Step 8: Merge your branch back into main branch
1.git checkout main: switch back to main branch,  * shows which branch you are running
2.Merge the "branch into main"
git merge "branch name"
3.git log: confirm the changes was merged
git log --oneline: this displays logs more concisely


Step 9: Delete the "" branch (since we already merged changes to "Main" branch)
1.Ensure you are on the main branch
git checkout main:  make sure we are at main
2. Delete side branche
git branch -d "branch name"

3. confirm that the branch was deleted by listing all branches
git branch


Step 10: Push your changes to origin
1.In the Terminal window, run:
git push origin main
  then
  use the user name: git hub username or github email address(may work?)
  password: Step 1 token
  

Step 11: Create a pull request
The final step is to request that the original project pull in the changes you've made to your fork. To merge your changes to the original repository, you need to create a pull request.

1. Ensure you are on the "Code" tab. Click on the "Contribute: button and then on Open pull request.

2."Comparing changes"

3.Open pull request


Works done, good job Guan! :>

